---
layout: page
title: Call for Participation
sidebar: [ "key-dates", "submission" ]

nav_text: Call for Participation
nav_position: 3
---


We are calling for post graduate students and academic staff to
participate in our upcoming workshop:

Why is my Agent so Slow? Deploying Human-Like Conversational Turn-Taking

At HAI (human Agent Interaction) 2023 in Gothenberg on 4th December
2023.

The emphasis on one-to-one speak/wait spoken conversational
interaction with intelligent agents leads to long pauses between
conversational turns, undermines the flow and naturalness of the
interaction, and undermines the user experience. Despite ground
breaking advances in the area of generating and understanding natural
language with techniques such as LLMs, conversational interaction has
remained relatively overlooked. In this workshop we will discuss and
review the challenges, recent work and potential impact of improving
conversational interaction with artificial systems. We hope to share
experiences of poor human/system interaction, best practices with
third party tools, and generate design guidance for the community.

The workshop will be of interest primarily for HAI attendees who work
with spoken conversation as the main means of interaction between
their systems and users. However, we also hope that attendees working
with other modalities, who are curious about how spoken conversational
interaction may improve or support their work, will also attend. We
will ask all attendees to complete a mandatory one page expression of
interest to help support workshop discussions.

Paper submission is optional. Eight accepted papers of sufficient
quality, interest for the workshop, and ability to provoke discussion
will be given a 10 minute presentation slot and will be optionally
hosted on the workshop website. Submitted papers shouldn't be
published elsewhere before the workshop but we are happy for it to be
published elsewhere after the workshop. For details see our [Call for Papers](/call-for-papers.html)

For further information or to be added to the workshop email list
please contact: [Éva Székely](szekely@kth.se)


